Fixing Branch Manager Handbook url in README.md (#799)
kubernetes/release: README.md

<br/> [`push-build.sh`](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/blob/master/push-build.sh) <br/><br/> | Pushes a developer build or CI Jenkins build up to GCS.
<br/> [`script-template`](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/blob/master/script-template) <br/><br/> | Generates a script template in the kubernetes/release ecosystem.

> For information on how to use `gcbmgr`, `anago` and `branchff`, see the [Branch Manager Handbook](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/release-engineering/role-handbooks/branch-manager.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how to use `gcbmgr`, `anago` and `branchff`, see the [Branch Manager Handbook](https://git.k8s.io/sig-release/release-engineering/role-handbooks/branch-manager.md)
```
